hey listeners I guess you heard the news
about viz media licensing Sailor Moon
and Sun crystal and not only did they
license it they're giving us the whole
package DVD blu-ray combos with the
Japanese original and a brand new
English dub by the viz media voice
actors and actresses now I'm really
excited for this because Sailor Moon on
blu-ray means that we're gonna get
quality that surpasses anything from
those rare region 2 DVDs that were so
damn expensive to collect not to mention
better sound which is what I want when I
want to see Sailor Moon fighting barrel
or Galaxia fighting the star lights or
when super Sailor Moon and super chibi
moon used the killer combination of two
gorgeous meditations to destroy a fatty
on ooh and not only that people who grew
up on the deep dub and the clover way
dubs from the early 2000s will get
deceived the for the first time all the
specials that were never released
officially here I believe that consisted
of there was an hour movie special right
before where chibi-usa and new saga are
talking about their past adventures
before we watch Sailor Moon R the movie
there was the all the super s specials
including the famous one which is Amy's
first love and to see that one in
English that's gonna be hilarious and
for the Yuri fans out there you're gonna
see that Haruka and meet you do special
from super s which is let's just say
that it's very very satisfying and it
kind of gives a little explanation to
why they don't want to help out against
the dead moon circus they're just having
a little too much fun on their own but I
think the crystallizing gem of this
whole set here is that stars is gonna
get an English dub something I've been
waiting for a long time because honestly
after soo press had its run on Cartoon
Network maybe I was a little foolish
back then I didn't know but I was
expecting to see stars the next day like
the following Monday on Cartoon Network
yeah
and all right I was like I was such a
big fan of Saturn I was like I can't
wait for her to come back I want to see
her revival and all that but of course
that never happened because you know the
only licensed at the soup breast at the
time so now that vis media is gonna
deliver this to us I really hope to get
the best voice actress as possible to do
queen nehelenia to do the star lights
whether they're male or female that
either way they both sound feminine
anyway so it's gonna always gonna be a
female voice actors to do both gender
roles
although Taiki sailor star maker will
sound a little bit more masculine than
the norm and of course I want the best
most imposing most threatening most evil
but cocky and arrogant voice in the
business to do galaxia because that
woman I'm scared of her seriously I am
frightened of that well that well now
I'm fear a lot of characters in fiction
but Galax is just such a force of nature
that I want the best possible voice
actors to voice her and really do
justice to the character Alexia is
threatening but cocky arrogant but she
knows she's the best so that's why I
want someone that can actually capture
that that personality so yeah I can't
wait what they're gonna do with this now
I know a lot of people are upset that
Funimation didn't grab Sailor Moon and
they came there's a shock that viz media
of all companies would get it but I
gotta say this you know at this point we
shouldn't be really complaining about
that because that last we're getting all
this but the shock that Funimation
didn't get it because all this time
always I was telling people like Oh
Funimation is gonna get it eventually in
the middie sing it in their forums and
all that but you know well should
happens but you know I don't know if
they're kicking themselves for it but I
think they should but congratulations of
is media though because they're making
dreams come true here and they even got
silver crystal from what I've heard so I
mean it makes sense I mean they're in
conjuncture with Toei animation and now
Cote ecute yourself is choosing the
voice actors with the English track
which is
big news for me so you know that it's
gonna be quality and not the deep dub
all over again so yeah those are my
thoughts on this Meetic licensing Sailor
Moon I mean it's it's fantastic news I'm
so stoked about this in fact man this is
gonna be this is gonna be a great year
and next year as well going going into
knowing that there's more releases on
the way oh man to know that two of my
favorite anime series of all time are
coming out with blu-ray releases soon
Sailor Moon
obviously by viz media and my he may my
otome a which is licensed by Funimation
both of them are such major gems that
people should be seeing and now they're
coming out again in pristine form so I'm
super excited about this so yeah that's
all thanks for listening and green boo
seats you